Add CAUTION section in `Compatibility argument matchers` documentation (#954)
nsubstitute/NSubstitute: docs/help/compat-args/index.md

title: Compatibility argument matchers
---

> [!CAUTION]

> > This functionalitiy is obsolete and will be removed in next major release. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This functionalitiy is obsolete and will be removed in version 7 or later. <br>
```
